GH-116554: Relax list.sort()'s notion of "descending" runs (#116578)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2024-03-11-00-45-39.gh-issue-116554.gYumG5.rst

> ``list.sort()`` now exploits more cases of partial ordering, particularly those with long descending runs with sub-runs of equal values. Those are recognized as single runs now (previously, eacn block of repeated vslues caused a new run to be created).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``list.sort()`` now exploits more cases of partial ordering, particularly those with long descending runs with sub-runs of equal values. Those are recognized as single runs now (previously, each block of repeated values caused a new run to be created).
```
